First bridging sample writeup (#1239)
holochain/holochain-rust: doc/holochain_101/src/bridging.md

# Building Holochain Apps: Bridging

> As you saw in [Building Apps](./building_apps.md) each **DNA** has a unique Hash that spawns a brand new **DHT network** and creates isolated **source chains** for each agent. Even when you change the DNA, releasing a new version of the App, it will spawn a brand new DHT network and source chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you saw in [Building Apps](./building_apps.md) each **DNA** has a unique hash that spawns a brand new **DHT network** and creates isolated **source chains** for each agent. Even when you change the DNA, releasing a new version of the app, it will spawn a brand new DHT network and source chains.
```

> As you saw in [Building Apps](./building_apps.md) each **DNA** has a unique Hash, that spawns a brand new **DHT network** and creates isolated **source chains** for each agent. Even when you change the DNA, releasing a new version of the App, it will spawn a brand new DHT network and source chains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you saw in [Building Apps](./building_apps.md) each **DNA** has a unique Hash that spawns a brand new **DHT network** and creates isolated **source chains** for each agent. Even when you change the DNA, releasing a new version of the App, it will spawn a brand new DHT network and source chains.
```

> So if every App lives in an entirely separated world how can they talk to each other? This is where **bridging** comes into play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if every app lives in an entirely separated world how can they talk to each other? This is where **bridging** comes into play.
```

> Then you understand that every App lives in an entirely separated world. So how to make apps living in different worlds talk to each other? This is where **bridging** comes into play.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So if every App lives in an entirely separated world how can they talk to each other? This is where **bridging** comes into play.
```

> A **bridge** is a connector between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter) that allows a synchronous bidirectional transfer of information between the two Apps.

Author: Review

> A **bridge** is a connector between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter) that allows a synchronous bidirectional transfer of information between the two Apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **bridge** is a connector between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter) that allows a synchronous bidirectional transfer of information between them.
```

> A **bridge** is a bypass between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter), that allows a synchronous bidirectoinal transfer of information between the two Apps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A **bridge** is a bypass between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter), that allows a synchronous bidirectional transfer of information between the two Apps.
```

> A **bridge** is a bypass between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter), that allows a synchronous bidirectoinal transfer of information between the two Apps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **bridge** is a connector between two apps (or two versions of the same app, for that matter) that allows a synchronous bidirectional transfer of information between the two Apps.
```

> To use a bridge, right now you need to configure a [production Holochain conductor](./production_conductor.md), at least two instances configured, along the lines of the following example setup (in a **container.toml** file):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use a bridge, right now you need to configure a [production Holochain conductor](./production_conductor.md), at least two instances configured, along the lines of the following example setup (in a **conductor-config.toml** file):
```

> To use a bridge, right now you need to configure a [production Holochain conductor](./production_conductor.md), at least two instances configured, along the lines of the following example setup (in a **container.toml** file):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a bridge, right now you need to configure a [production Holochain conductor](./production_conductor.md) to host at least two instances, along the lines of the following example setup (in a `container.toml` file):
```

```
[[instances]]
id = "caller-instance"
dna = "caller-dna"
agent = "caller-agent"
[instances.logger]
type = "simple"
[instances.storage]
type = "memory"

[[instances]]
id = "target-instance"
dna = target-dna"
agent = "target-agent"
[instances.logger]
type = "simple"
[instances.storage]
type = "memory"

[[bridges]]
caller_id = "caller-instance"
callee_id = "target-instance"
handle = "sample-bridge"
```

> Then on the caller DNA you have to initiate the bridge call using `hdk::call` likt this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then on the caller DNA you have to initiate the bridge call using `hdk::call` like this:
```

```rust
    let response = match hdk::call(
        "sample-bridge",
        "sample_zome",

>         Address::from(PUBLIC_TOKEN.to_string()), // nevermind this for now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Address::from(PUBLIC_TOKEN.to_string()), // never mind this for now
```

        "sample_function",
        json!({
            "some_param": "some_val",
        }).into()
    ) {
        Ok(json) => serde_json::from_str(&json.to_string()).unwrap(), // converts the return to JSON
        Err(e) => return Err(e)
    };
```

> And the corresponding target / callee DNA in the other end should have a Zome called "sample_zome", with a function as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the corresponding target / callee DNA on the other end should have a zome called "sample_zome", with a function as follows:
```

```rust
pub fn handle_sample_function(some_param: String) -> ZomeApiResult<Address> {
    // do something here
}

define_zome! {
    entries: []

    genesis: || { Ok(()) }

    functions: [
        sample_function: {
            inputs: |some_param: String|,
            outputs: |result: ZomeApiResult<Address>|,
            handler: handle_sample_function
        }
    ]

    traits: {
        hc_public [
            sample_function
        ]
    }
```

> Remember that the **call** will block the execution of the caller DNA until the callee (target) finishes executing the call, so it's best to mind performance issues when working with bridges, try to make contextual or incremental calls, rather than all emcompassing ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that the **call** will block the execution of the caller DNA until the callee (target) finishes executing the call, so it's best to mind performance issues when working with bridges. Try to make contextual or incremental calls rather than all-encompassing ones.
```
